One South
Our vision is a world where social change is experimental, incremental, and driven by a shared experience.
Mission: Using information to understand and deliver social change
management@one-south.org


WHO WE ARE
One South is an international development consulting firm that supports organizations to understand and deliver social change. ​Since our founding in 2014, we have evaluated programs representing over $140M in donor funding across 40+ countries in the areas of health, education, human rights, and economic empowerment. 
We have supported projects funded by Global Affairs Canada, the US Department of State, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office, the European Commission, Irish AID, The World Bank, UNESCO, and several foundations. We have worked in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Central Asia, and the Caribbean. 
Our team is composed of sector specialists with cross-cutting expertise in monitoring, evaluation & learning, gender, and social inclusion. All of our team members have deep roots in the global south, with experience living and working in developing contexts.    

HOW WE WORK
 
We believe enhancing in-country research capacity supports the long term sustainability of development outcomes and the sustainability of evidence-informed decision making. We therefore work closely with in-country partners, bringing together local and global experts to deliver contextualized planning, monitoring, and evaluation advice. We seek to empower local actors to lead development initiatives within their communities, recognizing the importance of development aid localization, co-creation, and partnership. This means we place particular emphasis on the use of participatory methods, on co-designing systems, and on growing shared ownership and fostering buy-in amongst key stakeholders. 

DISSEMINATION 
We work to ensure our evaluation products are accessible in a range of dissemination formats to inform learning, uptake, and scale. We develop policy and learning briefs, posters, and social media assets, each tailored to be accessible to different stakeholder groups and for specific uses. 